I deserve what’s coming, but wanted to get some things off my chest. This is looooong because I’ve never been honest about everything before.

I was a smart kid growing up, and lots of adults thought I had a lot of potential. Even in 5th grade and onwards when I started to struggle with getting homework done, everyone viewed me as smart. I would lie consistently about why I hadn’t turned in certain assignments, or why my teachers didn’t receive them. I went through high school without failing any classes thankfully, but knew I could have done better.

Fast forward to college, and things started off well! Great grades for the first semester. Then, as things went on, things got worse. Grades plummeted. I stopped going to class because I was afraid of how people would view me. Lied to everyone about how I was doing. I flunked out.

Fast forward to my first professional job outside of my failed attempt at college! It was at a major organization that I had previously interned with, and I lied about having graduated. Things started off well, but then when it came time to do certain self-paced tasks…I just didn’t do them. I kept on telling myself “oh, I can do I later.” Only “later” never came. I eventually got diagnosed with ADHD, but it was too late. My bosses found out I didn’t do a major, super important task that I’m supposed to do. I tried lying and making excuses, but I got fired.

Fast forward to more recent times! I finished my bachelor’s online, which was awesome! Got a new job! And even started a masters program! New job and masters program started off great…but you guessed it. Over time in my program, I stopped doing my assignments as I was having such trouble motivating myself to get started. And since I work from home, I kept on telling myself I could do things later and would distract myself by playing video games or literally just staring at my phone, endlessly scrolling. Now, I have three incompletes from last semester that I need to finish within two weeks, or I fail those classes. I haven’t even started on those assignments. But the worst part, and what brings me to post, is the situation at work now…

Once again, I didn’t do a super important task I’m expected to do. Once again, I got caught. And once again, I lied and said I had done it and that there must have been a computer error. Basically I was supposed to monitor sales calls, take notes, and submit monitoring forms. While I did do some monitoring, I didn’t do any of the forms and didn’t take extensive notes. The higher ups don’t believe me, my boss is gutted because she’s advocated for me in the past, but I think they’re still trying to give me some benefit of the doubt. Now, they want copies of all my notes, which I obviously don’t have. This gives me two options: lie again, and make up some notes and pretend I did everything I was supposed to. Or come clean about lying.

I know option 2 is the right answer. But when I got fired the first time, my bf was so disappointed. He wants to be with someone capable and driven. I’m not being pessimistic when I say if I lost my job, again, he would break up with me. I would have to tell everyone what a failure I am. I might even have to drop out of my masters program, because I’m barely making ends meet as it is. All these pressures drove me to seriously consider suicide yesterday. Thankfully I’m a bit calmer now, and I know I would never want to do that no matter how bad things get.

I’m so scared, so ashamed, and so disgusted with myself. I’ve been telling everyone that I’m okay, and just lying. My parents will be so disappointed. Sorry, I know this was long.